# August

## Slots minutes of meetings - August 2021

### 30th August 2021

* Mani have updated his Mother health status.
* Dinesh and Shalini have discussed Nextcloud issue. Shalini have to check the version and she will update later.
* Bhanu and Dinesh have discussed Papad-migration and Dinesh asked Bhanu should make progress on Papad, so that we can introduce Papad to our connectivity.
* Dinesh and Sanketh have discussed status of Network, hardware equipments status on durgadahalli
* Athithya have updated Papad work and she said she will push the code later to gitlab.

### 24th August 2021

* Athithya have updated Broken lines and papad updates to Bhanu
* Shafali, Micah, Yatarth and Bhanu planned to visit Tumkur
* Bhanu have updated Papad2.0. He and design team planed to restructuring tha papad application and also they are planning to rename the project as Papad 2.0
* Bhanu said will use React JS framework for the Papad 2.0 application
* Shalini asked Bhanu to buy grocessary items for the cooking before leaving Bangalore.

### 23rd August 2021

* Bhanu, shafali, yatarth and micah shared his kotagiri trip experience&#x20;
* Dinesh said milli.link is missing in open.janastu.org and we got know its in Archive project page. He asked yatarth to structure it properly
* Dinesh asked the team to comment on servelots story on APC [https://hackmd.io/khzZyZHLR2eN5hYNRI4IlQ](https://hackmd.io/khzZyZHLR2eN5hYNRI4IlQ)
* COW video mentions support of APC and Sida - need to be careful.. re fcra.

#### Shared link

* Kotagiri trip pics [https://photos.app.goo.gl/yy3XyC1BZHtMyLQFA](https://photos.app.goo.gl/yy3XyC1BZHtMyLQFA)
* [https://hackmd.io/khzZyZHLR2eN5hYNRI4IlQ](https://hackmd.io/khzZyZHLR2eN5hYNRI4IlQ)

### 16 August 2021

* Dinesh asked Mani to write the logs to call all the members personally.
* Dinesh have updated Setup the computer desktop in radio centre.
* Athithya updated and presented Gitlab task management
* Emery have updated Encoding for Robust Immutable Storage\
  [http://purl.org/eris](http://purl.org/eris)
* Emery shared URN file urn:erisx2:AEBJAZIGJC5UKG5Z5K226OEW62AB6PZTZVXEQD6GGHG4BBVKUGG7NQEVQZRNTCYDINQ4YGY7H2LYKMH6KJ6CJHTXEFA3OBX2IDFV2LMZZI
* Dinesh requested emery to thing about the Usecases of Papad
* Shared link:
  * [https://gitlab.com/servelots/slots/team/daily-task](https://gitlab.com/servelots/slots/team/daily-task)
  * [https://syncthing.net/](https://syncthing.net)
  * [http://purl.org/eris](http://purl.org/eris)
  * inqlab.net ([http://purl.org/eris](http://purl.org/eris))

### 11 August 2021

* Dinesh, Shalini, Mani and Athithya have discussed about gitlab, todo task.
* Dinesh asked Mani to add logs for every person.
* Micah and shafali have updated itchange proposal [https://itforchange.net/sites/default/files/1950/Call-for-Proposals-National-Gender-Fellowships-Gender-and-Digital-Economy-2021.pdf](https://itforchange.net/sites/default/files/1950/Call-for-Proposals-National-Gender-Fellowships-Gender-and-Digital-Economy-2021.pdf)
* Dinesh have updated Sharbani Solar protocol proposal
* Shared link:
  * [https://gitlab.com/thiya1995/papad/-/issues](https://gitlab.com/thiya1995/papad/-/issues)
  * [https://gitlab.com/servelots/slots/team/daily-task/](https://gitlab.com/servelots/slots/team/daily-task/mani-updates/-/blob/main/Timesheet2021.md)
  * [https://parsonsdt.github.io/critical-coding-cookbook/](https://parsonsdt.github.io/critical-coding-cookbook/)
  * [https://itforchange.net/sites/default/files/1950/Call-for-Proposals-National-Gender-Fellowships-Gender-and-Digital-Economy-2021.pdf](https://itforchange.net/sites/default/files/1950/Call-for-Proposals-National-Gender-Fellowships-Gender-and-Digital-Economy-2021.pdf)
  * [https://vikaspedia.in/e-governance/digital-india/national-optical-fibre-network-nofn](https://vikaspedia.in/e-governance/digital-india/national-optical-fibre-network-nofn)

### 09 August 2021

* Dinesh are in low bandwidth network. They are not able to attend the meeting.
* Bhanu went for Bank works. He updated, refactoring papad code to add support to diff media formats. Ll share more later. Athithya said she has installed on her local, need a status update on that.
* Athithya successfully installed Papad on laptop. She needs guide from Bhanu to understand the flow of adding the images,tags, share file on syncthing.
* Mani working on Papad installation on his laptop
* Yatharth will work on Website landing page.

### 05 August 2021

* Shafali taking through Spark AR basics [https://sparkar.facebook.com/ar-studio/](https://sparkar.facebook.com/ar-studio/)

### 02 August 2021

* Dinesh and Yatharth talked about solar server resources.
* Dinesh have updated last week workshops, APC workshops.
* Dinesh and sanketh have updated what are all the grants we updated
* Bhanu have updated Papad ongoing work and he will give demo to team on wednesday
* Bhanu and shafali have updated milli works
* Micah have updated Design Beku updates, LLN updates
* Bhanu, shafali have updated milli last week updates
* Dinesh, Yatarth and Mani have discussed website and breaking links. Micah and Yatarth will make Pastoralist Map blog on Janastu.
* Athithya have updated covid audio files updates. Dinesh asked her to fragment the audios
* Shalini asked athithya to recheck the server status
