# December

## Slots minutes of meetings - December 2021

### 06 December 2021

* Mani, Dinesh have discussed Posters. Dinesh wants real image below the hills on the poster.
* Arun and Dinesh have discussed servelots server issue, Arun will reach yassarsh after this meeting.
* Micah, Dinesh have poster redesigning work. Mani will share the overlay images to Micah
* Dinesh, Shalini and Micah have discussed how Micah would be in DA meeting. Shalini will reach micah to discuss about budget part later.
* Shalini have created work plan page. We have to work on the Technical aspect
* Shared Link:&#x20;
  * https://www.canva.com/design/DAExsUMw\_eA/share/preview?token=flK9ZBjAUwTckUAkVXKdDg\&role=EDITOR\&utm\_content=DAExsUMw\_eA\&utm\_campaign=designshare\&utm\_medium=link\&utm\_source=sharebutton
  * [https://hackmd.io/s/H1cGWjPYt](https://hackmd.io/s/H1cGWjPYt)

