# July

## Slots minutes of meetings - July 2021

### 29 July 2021

* Bhanu have updates status of Milli tech, They are trying to merge Papad with milli. 

### 26 July 2021

* Mani, Bhanu and Dinesh have discussed IAW2021 conference recording and Mailman
* Dinesh and Bhanu have discussed Milli next release, migrating milli with Papad
* Dinesh have updated APC conversation
* Mani, Bhanu have discussed about 1minute video for ISIF.

### 22 July 2021

* Mani, Dinesh have discussed DA report.
* Team members worked with DA report.
* Sanketh have explained what are the application is work with intra and inter network.
* Emery comment on "its important to think about this yggdrasil update that is going to give everything new addresses"

  if you need to get to the old yggdrasil stuff, you could keep and old node running, and ssh to stuff in the old network using the SSH `ProxyJump` option

  **Shared Link:** [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pvIUAmnHRAwkYHb1686TqaUsjk4R3KPdS2R9-rUaC1E/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pvIUAmnHRAwkYHb1686TqaUsjk4R3KPdS2R9-rUaC1E/edit)

### 21 July 2021

* Shreya and Micah have updated cowki project.
* Shafali and Bhanu have updated LD4 conference presentation. They didn't got any response as they expected. Updated zoom platform what are the issue they faced with zoom.
* Dinesh have updated DA updates. DA requests 1 doc to explain apsi simply.
* Upasana, Dinesh and sanketh have discussed NLNet grant proposal, what are the topic we can approach?
* Dinesh asked Mani to do video and update tomorrow. Work with whoever you want
* We have APC conven meeting on July 28th
* Shared link:
  * [https://youtu.be/he5d4erB9wA](https://youtu.be/he5d4erB9wA)
  * [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1283a52Yj174WiMe\_leDmgmUezPp8hATi6NRmhzb-P\_c/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1283a52Yj174WiMe_leDmgmUezPp8hATi6NRmhzb-P_c/edit) - aspi doc
  * also am starting this doc. when you come across broken links related to us, please add here [https://hackmd.io/NzEYe-WuTwGe6Xv\_CzPy4Q](https://hackmd.io/NzEYe-WuTwGe6Xv_CzPy4Q)
  * [https://yunohost.org](https://yunohost.org
    )
  * [https://www.ngi.eu/about/](https://www.ngi.eu/about/) This is the vision it needs to align it
  * grants and deadlines [https://hackmd.io/N7ebEwmORVOle8LeQ-iS0w\#nlnet](https://hackmd.io/N7ebEwmORVOle8LeQ-iS0w#nlnet)
  * [https://hackmd.io/@tbdinesh/BkQE5Sdad](https://hackmd.io/@tbdinesh/BkQE5Sdad)[     ](https://yunohost.org
    )

### 19 July 2021

* Dinesh and Bhanu have discussed Milli updates and presentanttion for the LD4 conference.
* Shafali showed her AR mask project with team members
* Yatarth asked Dinesh to reply for the Solar panal fund mail
* Dinesh asked Athithya to share the audio clip to team.
* Dinesh said, he wants to talk to mani about Renarration video

### **15 July 2021**

* Mani, Yatarth have discussed Adobe.com [https://spark.adobe.com/sp/](https://spark.adobe.com/sp/)
* Shalini have updated Community School small grant
* Yatarth said we have to work on this Grant Doc also [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1czYrKpbd266vK0-VVOAAHr1w78GzOzvh/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1czYrKpbd266vK0-VVOAAHr1w78GzOzvh/edit)
* Manoj have updated letter received from Bank
* Dinesh and Bhanu have discussed Milli. They want to meet together and confirm the topics which is going to deliver the
* [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oziOiqrqFOyle9KBNZxhTeRUV6On\_iyTVSRBG0j1Zmg/edit?pli=1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oziOiqrqFOyle9KBNZxhTeRUV6On_iyTVSRBG0j1Zmg/edit?pli=1) reconsidered school CN now thinking of small grant edu kits or such.
* Dinesh have explained School CN grant and what are the modules should comes to the application doc
* Yatarth presented Renarration diagram with team members
* Bhanu explained Alipi project working flow to team

### **12 July 2021**

* Today Agenda: isec course updates, grants applications review and tasks for team, .. what else?
* Shafali and Dinesh have discussed ISEC course updates and who are all involving
* Shafali explained survey form and what are the things shalini and sanketh have to fill
* Dinesh have updated grants application and we have to complete the application process this week.
* Upasana have updated ISIF grant application CN school sheet: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PM7DnYQwlTFzFNXu1VSxTYHDCK2fmANhR89dfEKQq0w/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PM7DnYQwlTFzFNXu1VSxTYHDCK2fmANhR89dfEKQq0w/edit?usp=sharing)

  **Shared link:**

  [https://hackmd.io/N7ebEwmORVOle8LeQ-iS0w](https://hackmd.io/N7ebEwmORVOle8LeQ-iS0w)

  [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1czYrKpbd266vK0-VVOAAHr1w78GzOzvh/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1czYrKpbd266vK0-VVOAAHr1w78GzOzvh/edit)

  [https://spoken-tutorial.org/](https://spoken-tutorial.org/)

  [https://www.decentralising.digital/](https://www.decentralising.digital/)

  In context of linguistics and tech, for later reading if interested,

  [https://medium.com/a-new-ai-lexicon/a-new-ai-lexicon-an-electric-brain-77a81f3ce446](https://medium.com/a-new-ai-lexicon/a-new-ai-lexicon-an-electric-brain-77a81f3ce446)[https://nlnet.nl/propose](https://nlnet.nl/propose/)                                                                                                                                                                       We need to pick this book may be for kannada [https://munnota.com/collections/best-selling-books-in-kannada/products/kannadadalle-padagalannu-kattuva-bagge](https://munnota.com/collections/best-selling-books-in-kannada/products/kannadadalle-padagalannu-kattuva-bagge)

### 07 July 2021

* Whole team watched Kifi shortfilm from Garima Girls. Dinesh said we have to think about how to add these kifi videos to Papad.
* Bhanu have updated syncthing issues [https://syncserver1.janastu.org:9535/](https://syncserver1.janastu.org:9535/) have setup new syncthing on server path /srv/hosting/syncthing-new and have tested a rsync script thats saved as rsync.sh which i was trying to run every few minutes, but i couldnt get the cronjob to work, or not sure if its working, need help with that. @shalinia @tbdinesh
* Dinesh said shalini and sanketh will help on syncthing issues with bhanu

### 06 July 2021

* Started with general discussion
* Team talked on daily meetings poll results and changed meeting format
  * Monday and Thursday - Team Meeting
  * Wednesday - slots/team talks-to-team \(Presentation\)
    * Mani - Coordinating with Team through phone calls
    * Athithya - Notetaker \(minutes of meetings\)
* Dinesh had a long discussion with Ram
* Mani suggested meeting format
  * Only Two Meetings per week at 2:30 PM with full attendance. To understand what went through the week and what's the plan for the week.
  * At 2:30 PM everyday, Slots are open for discussion if anybody wants to come chat there and go.
  * In each week select a Scrum Master to follow-up everyday through phone calls.
  * Everybody must have a Timesheet of their work.
* Mani: I have assembled all the web feeds internally shared around here. Janastu feed- [https://hackmd.io/27RhtheESZW92NUXHTfozA](https://hackmd.io/27RhtheESZW92NUXHTfozA)
* Everyone discussed about topics of team talk [https://hackmd.io/zZswdpAdTg2enYJOUj95-g](https://hackmd.io/zZswdpAdTg2enYJOUj95-g)
* Bhanu updating on papad, He still have to do syncthing on the server.
* Mani updated on KiFi short film is almost completed still we have to upload into youtube.
* Athithya has annotated 50 audio files for covid-19
* Dinesh mentioned about uttarakhand project.

### 05 July 2021

* KiFi update: Anju and Babita's short film almost completed still we have to upload into youtube, said Mani.
* Yatharth and Mani will be working on video and illustration for isif.asia 2021 Application Form.
* Shafali, Madhu and mirzapur girls had a meeting on Swarambh presentation submission. So girls mentioned that they're still working on it.
* Athithya annotating audio files for covid-19 [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x9SKSKTMDKh3z9xQ9Nw0-BM7KDun1BFEs7yjWkdjVbk/edit\#gid=850233729](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x9SKSKTMDKh3z9xQ9Nw0-BM7KDun1BFEs7yjWkdjVbk/edit#gid=850233729)
* Poor attendance for meetings were discussesed. A plan to have Two meetings \(only Monday and Friday\) was suggested. A poll to be announced shortly

### 02 July 2021

* Mani and Yatarth have discussed Kifi films and kifi page content.
* Mani asked Athithya an Yatarth, shall we include Covid-19, Girish Project\(Uttarkhand Project\) to open.janastu.org page. Athithya said, let's confirm with Dinesh.
* Mani asked if any project missing on the Project page, he asked all members to add the missing projects.
* Shared Link:

  [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cqt5UCNqRce8aOWeCfP-\_aiYeydnby\_JB36K0TqJJ-I/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cqt5UCNqRce8aOWeCfP-_aiYeydnby_JB36K0TqJJ-I/edit)

### 01 July 2021

* Yatharth presented  NFT and Bitcoin presentation to team
  * [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin\_scalability\_problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin_scalability_problem)
  * [But how does bitcoin actually work?](https://youtu.be/bBC-nXj3Ng4)

