# May

## Slots minutes of meetings - May 2021

### 31 May 2021

* Shafali and Dinesh have discussed w4p knowledge report
  * [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1egLbWR6TrcAwr4J\_6lnEu062WJD9iOBnWIBbMYCb1Os/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1egLbWR6TrcAwr4J_6lnEu062WJD9iOBnWIBbMYCb1Os/edit) W4P Knowledge Report
* Dinesh have said we are giving Technical support only not training Garima Girls
* Dinesh have updating current project, IEEE project and APC projects. For the Girish project we are not getting fund from that project. If anybody willing to travel Uttarkhand [https://drive.google.com/file/d/17Y6h474Qjf0j8i0J3IKup6p8dlZiqcI1/](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17Y6h474Qjf0j8i0J3IKup6p8dlZiqcI1/)
* Dinesh have presented Girish Community Radio project presentation
* Micah, Yatarth and Shafali have interested to travel Uttarkhand
* Micah have updated Pastoralist Map work. We need 1week to complete. Dinesh said we can get call tomorrow with CFP people
* Dinesh asked Arun to work Corona Cares Updates with PI.

### 28 May 2021

* Started with General Discussion
* Need to send budget list to DA tomorrow. This time we have to suggest Servelots inside of Janastu for next phase of W4P Programme, because its purely technical works. said Dinesh
* Today community networks talk [https://communitynetworks.group/t/education-and-community-networks-building-opportunities/557](https://communitynetworks.group/t/education-and-community-networks-building-opportunities/557) Shafali was announcing.
* Shafali and Dinesh discussing on kolibri studio, fragmentation and how to connect papad which should be useful low-literate and students.
* Dinesh explaining to shafali about Milli how it is going forward into more archive and storytelling.
* Yatharth sharing thoughts on he's instagram post about dalit community, inequality and social issues.
* Sanketh was saying he'll start work on raspberry pi once he setup monitor, SBMI cable and other parts.
* Athithya and Shafali finished pastoral data of [Maharastra Mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13_ommkB6IcBzQWvJzFb-Po6PcVgiaorVaG1pNp4wuS8/edit?usp=sharing) and [Tamil Nadu Mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1evP6aLYXvqLjqX6l4iQfpFKC-M4bAcXazAtW-t-T83A/edit?usp=sharing)

### 27 May 2021

* Shalini and Manoj visit Thimmanayakana Halli
  * They contacted chetan and he said already Asha worker are in the village then later we went near tample met chetan explaining about we have plan of giving device and nedd to see who can take responsibility
  * We learnt that one nurse who did nursing in the village and two asha workrs
  * Later we met nurse she's ready to help and volunteer if we put isolation center and we give medicine toolkit to her and even we met asha workers
  * To make school isolation center we need permission from panchayat.
* Yesterday much on milli.link content update said Bhanu.
* Arun and Dinesh discussing on wifi mesh issues.
* Shafali started Maharastra Mapping [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13\_ommkB6IcBzQWvJzFb-Po6PcVgiaorVaG1pNp4wuS8/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13_ommkB6IcBzQWvJzFb-Po6PcVgiaorVaG1pNp4wuS8/edit?usp=sharing)
* Add your Bio here [https://open.janastu.org/people](https://open.janastu.org/people) OR Please DM me your Bio text can I include into GitBook. Said Mani
* Shalini and Shafali will be attending talk on 28th May: Community Networks Tech-Talk: “Education and Community Networks, Building Opportunities” [https://communitynetworks.group/t/education-and-community-networks-building-opportunities/557](https://communitynetworks.group/t/education-and-community-networks-building-opportunities/557)

### 26 May 2021

* In below is Gopi's document this is mainly for designers to compare southish and migration patterns and Micha is working on mapping part said Bhanu.
  * Gopi on South indian pastoral migration patterns [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xbq6RnMcQfRkHXcl3Ivjs\_3-eaqfeRYYIHr9HHIozhQ/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xbq6RnMcQfRkHXcl3Ivjs_3-eaqfeRYYIHr9HHIozhQ/edit?usp=sharing)
* Mich, shafali and dinesh they're working on this doc last night
  * W4P Phase III\_Note for Workshops\_Janastu & DA [https://docs.google.com/document/d/10\_85thzPxvfrf9Qlpv1\_EIQhxcpmscaQhOrHcZhRqL0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10_85thzPxvfrf9Qlpv1_EIQhxcpmscaQhOrHcZhRqL0/edit)
* Shalini and Shafali are going to attend this community networks panel discussion [https://communitynetworks.group/t/education-and-community-networks-building-opportunities/557](https://communitynetworks.group/t/education-and-community-networks-building-opportunities/557)
* Everybody has to update they Bio to [https://open.janastu.org/people](https://open.janastu.org/people)
* Bhanu updating on Milli, he's is working on backend database but still lagging we are login page once that is done we'll deploy.

### 25 May 2021

* Dinesh and Yatharth was editing on Pastoral timesheet which need to submit today with

   pastoral group. 

  * [https://docs.google.com/document/d/176AFaKUfmBMwuremm4us4iSDmaJbhuv4foL26PqQkYE/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/176AFaKUfmBMwuremm4us4iSDmaJbhuv4foL26PqQkYE/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [https://hackmd.io/TycrbwJfR5-JxttKwqwGYA](https://hackmd.io/TycrbwJfR5-JxttKwqwGYA)

* Sanketh updating on DA meeting.
  *  ASPi in the next phase of the project.
  * How does ASPi support the listening activities and integrate with existing prototypes to scale their impact?
  * How does ASPi envision creating innovative shared spaces for young women / entrepreneurs?
  * How can ASPi support digitization of social entrepreneurship? \(Include element of digi-currency also\)
* Shafali playing around discord to create milli server [https://discord.gg/KzjDXC7VzF](https://discord.gg/KzjDXC7VzF)
* Dinesh asking with team to give feedback or to review the doc final COW [https://hackmd.io/8weM-H-wRB-jdK6ZG2pdJg?view](https://hackmd.io/8weM-H-wRB-jdK6ZG2pdJg?view)
* Dinesh shared DA mail  meeting of Potential Collaboration for the next phase of W4P Programme
  *  Meeting Recording:  
    [https://zoom.us/rec/share/4VPVKolztTqV8Tt9MkOZsBb66uDE3aAYShq6MbndCRBDM-gHsTOPBQIqmmo9Yj9X.e6IBDps4QL-uDZfA](https://zoom.us/rec/share/4VPVKolztTqV8Tt9MkOZsBb66uDE3aAYShq6MbndCRBDM-gHsTOPBQIqmmo9Yj9X.e6IBDps4QL-uDZfA)

### 24 May 2021

* Athithya has to collect pastoral timesheet by calling each one [https://docs.google.com/document/d/176AFaKUfmBMwuremm4us4iSDmaJbhuv4foL26PqQkYE/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/176AFaKUfmBMwuremm4us4iSDmaJbhuv4foL26PqQkYE/edit?usp=sharing)
* Bhanu was updating on Gopi's conversation, So gopi gave the larger narrative of how the movement happen they something called migration pdf
* Dinesh explained DA toolkits and manuals
* Sanketh plays Cinema bandi trailer to team [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRzgLJMP4zc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRzgLJMP4zc)
* Manoj went to tumkur with oxygen cylinder
* Rainbow ring spotted around the sun said shalini

### 21 May 2021

* Arun and Dinesh have discussed Libre ROuter and COWs issue
* DA GIC google impact challenge [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r\_YgohSrQ-A26jf7qwUMYe\_a5G\_fKNNFuNZqQI9dK1Q/edit?usp=sha](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r_YgohSrQ-A26jf7qwUMYe_a5G_fKNNFuNZqQI9dK1Q/edit?usp=sha)
* Google impact challenge - stage2: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fx2YS\_uJN9wH0AxlPcuvivhG5DWVNgsFCgrZEg0Irg8/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fx2YS_uJN9wH0AxlPcuvivhG5DWVNgsFCgrZEg0Irg8/edit?usp=sharing)
* Dinesh and Shafali have discussed and wrinting the Report for the Google Impact Challenge

### 20 May 2021

* Started with General Discussion
* Dinesh have arranging the Oxygen supply for the covid with Padmini
* Dinesh have updated Internet Speed issues on cowmesh network
* Emery have checking the Network issue
* Micah and Yatarth have created Time sheet for the Pastoralist Map work [https://hackmd.io/@miximon/CFP\_mapping\_estimates/edit](https://hackmd.io/@miximon/CFP_mapping_estimates/edit)
* Dinesh have asked everyone to look the Google impact challenge - stage2: [https://impactchallenge.withgoogle.com/site/static/womenandgirls2021/downloads/application-stage2-full-list.pdf](https://impactchallenge.withgoogle.com/site/static/womenandgirls2021/downloads/application-stage2-full-list.pdf) and he need help
* Dinesh and Shafali have discussed w4p reports
* Athithya and Bhanu have discussed Photoprism updates
* Mani have said will share the Google Impact Challenge Doc to Shafali

### 19 May 2021

* Started with general discussions
* Bhanu and yatarth have discussed css issue text comparision to remove duplicated text. [https://copyleaks.com/text-compare](https://copyleaks.com/text-compare)
* Micah have completed W4P reports [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1egLbWR6TrcAwr4J\_6lnEu062WJD9iOBnWIBbMYCb1Os/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1egLbWR6TrcAwr4J_6lnEu062WJD9iOBnWIBbMYCb1Os/edit)
* Dinesh and Yatarth have discussed Pastoralist Map. Dinesh have shared [https://twitter.com/nosateki/status/1394274636322463744](https://twitter.com/nosateki/status/1394274636322463744)
* Micah asked Karnataka KML file for the Karanataka Google map [https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?hl=en&mid=1bGK-CrphAPkQ756eZU3i\_p7ZIHW0tmwb&ll=14.99496755586654%2C78.71675299597591&z=7](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?hl=en&mid=1bGK-CrphAPkQ756eZU3i_p7ZIHW0tmwb&ll=14.99496755586654%2C78.71675299597591&z=7)
* Bhanu have said KMLor CSV file to Micah later.
* Mani comment "I just got a call from anju the phone they were using to attend class isn't working right now and the phone they received apparently needs some repairing too, shd was asking me what she can do.  - Rishi got text from Anju today. he shared with us".
* Madhu have updated Mirzapur Girls issue with Phone. Dinesh have suggessted will send pi to Girls.
* Mani,Yatarth and Dinesh have discussed Video editing tool. Dinesh have suggessted to use Kdenlive on Raspberry pi.
* Athithya have presented Photoprism Photo Gallery application to team.

### 18 May 2021

* Dinesh have updated tommorow meeting with Mayank and Proposal ongoing W4P Proposal, Google challenge and he asked Mani to current tasks team is working on which is open for proactive participantion
  * Google Challange Doc [https://impactchallenge.withgoogle.com/site/static/womenandgirls2021/downloads/application-stage2-full-list.pdf](https://impactchallenge.withgoogle.com/site/static/womenandgirls2021/downloads/application-stage2-full-list.pdf)
* Yatarth have suggested Kanban, notion, nextcloud\_deck, asana, trello, are all good
  * [https://trello.com/en](https://trello.com/en)
  * [https://asana.com/    ](https://asana.com/
    )
* Team suggested links for the Project Management
  * [https://www.openproject.org/](https://www.openproject.org/),
  *  [https://alternativeto.net/software/trello/?license=opensource](https://alternativeto.net/software/trello/?license=opensource),
  * [https://apps.nextcloud.com/apps/deck\#:~:text=Deck is a kanban style,for teams integrated with Nextcloud](https://apps.nextcloud.com/apps/deck#:~:text=Deck%20is%20a%20kanban%20style,for%20teams%20integrated%20with%20Nextcloud)
* Emery, Dinesh and Shalini have discussed how to increase the speed of internet in our network, MTR
* Emery have shared Sigil OS [https://gemini.spam.works/users/emery/sigil-report.gmi](https://gemini.spam.works/users/emery/sigil-report.gmi)
* Shafali and Yatarth have said Tommorow onwards will work on W4P Reports
* Dinesh and Shafali have discussed Covid Updates for the Mirjapur Girls
* Dinesh and Sanketh have discussed Video editing tool
* Yatarth will work on nano nvidia things

### 17 May 2021

* Shafali have shared document for DA [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EpNfEEvD47mI2GFMSNekqcWkDDNuTwiPvj850dFjed0/edit?skip\_itp2\_check=true](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EpNfEEvD47mI2GFMSNekqcWkDDNuTwiPvj850dFjed0/edit?skip_itp2_check=true)
* Dinesh have updated Durgadahalli Panchayat meeting updates
* Dinesh, shafali, Sanketh and Bhanu have discussed covid status
* Dinesh have organising 6 Oximeters and 2Doctors for the Durgadahalli place
* Debasis,Myank,Dhruv and Satendra Singh have joined on meeting
* Dinesh have shared the idea about webinar pi, phone and explain the covid document
* Shafali have shared Kavitha shared information to her
* Dinesh have shared how do we managed this pandemic situation in locally
* Debasis comment Dinesh.. Are you working with local Sarpanch's??? What has been the response of Sarpanch/ Local authorities in taking help of Aspi like devices and girls???
* Shafali comment @Mayank & @Debasis these 52 girls what resources do they have now, Or have you given any thought to how resources are to be distributed?
* Dinesh have said we will send ASPI to Mirzapur and also he needs local dealer for the monitor
* Bhanu have explained workflow how is it going to work with ASPI and Monitor
* Myank will update where Girls are staying by next week
* Sanketh have updated Rasperry Pi updates, HDMI cable to HDMI Monitor
* Myank have asked shall we create Message Group to Coordination
* Myank have updated what are all the devices available in the field
* Yatarth have presented pastrol map updates [https://www.figma.com/file/pVRXds7lanfbBuIGoUi09Q/Untitled?node-id=1%3A2](https://www.figma.com/file/pVRXds7lanfbBuIGoUi09Q/Untitled?node-id=1%3A2)

### 14 May 2021

* Dinesh and Micha was talking about pastoralists routing map doc [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VeZYJFpxFjyWoMPZSX4C5We4OpspoXr3DrahGjpp8os/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VeZYJFpxFjyWoMPZSX4C5We4OpspoXr3DrahGjpp8os/edit?usp=sharing)
* On Monday 2.30 meeting with DA proceeding with covid, said Dinesh.
  * Discussed regarding Pi with Sanketh and he'll make a kind of plan in the meeting what should be discussed.
  * We should do document to show something as reference for that shafali will initiate.
  * Think how to share file through Pi, share links between Phone and Pi's
    * Suggested links:
      * [https://community.kde.org/KDEConnect](https://community.kde.org/KDEConnect)
      * [https://www.sharedrop.io/](https://www.sharedrop.io/)
  * rsync would be help like one is connected to computer.
* Shalini and Vignesh presenting solar panel, They gonna connect solar panel to the solar thing and battery in then we will take directly to librerouter.

### 13 May 2021

* Started with General Discussion
* Team discussing the pastoral meeting and it's progress.
* On Monday is DA meeting, Dinesh and Sanketh discussed about plan.
* Dinesh and others are working on covid spreadsheet what Bhanu sent to them. If we follow that sheet then it be helpful for mirzapur.
* Shalini noticed that in Elastic Search, She's received abuse message from it. Later Bhanu suggesting her to bring down site. currently that site is not in the production.
* For Photo Gallery application select any one theme and start work on it, said Dinesh to Athithya.
* Mani trying to understand error on file.janastu.org, Dinesh suggesting him to upload files somewhere temporarily till then nextcloud up.

### 12 May 2021

* Micha was updating on Mapbox, he walk-through the map. [https://api.mapbox.com/styles/v1/shafalij/ckoiujstd0s8q17ohswaayrgs.html?fresh=true&title=view&access\_token=pk.eyJ1Ijoic2hhZmFsaWoiLCJhIjoiY2tvaTl3Z2JxMDJkMTMxcHZtaDdpOTdqaiJ9.dLXE\_k9JZJ7v1tSdngL27Q](https://api.mapbox.com/styles/v1/shafalij/ckoiujstd0s8q17ohswaayrgs.html?fresh=true&title=view&access_token=pk.eyJ1Ijoic2hhZmFsaWoiLCJhIjoiY2tvaTl3Z2JxMDJkMTMxcHZtaDdpOTdqaiJ9.dLXE_k9JZJ7v1tSdngL27Q)
* Athithya suggesting or checked Photo Gallery applications. below listed lists are the some of the photo gallery applications.
  * Photo Prism:
    * Official Website: [https://photoprism.app/](https://photoprism.app/)
    * Demo: [https://demo.photoprism.org/browse](https://demo.photoprism.org/browse)
    * Github Repo: [https://github.com/photoprism/photoprism](https://github.com/photoprism/photoprism)
  * Piwigo:
    * Official Website: [https://piwigo.org/get-piwigo](https://piwigo.org/get-piwigo)
    * Demo: [https://demo1.piwigo.com/](https://demo1.piwigo.com/)
    * Github Repo: [https://github.com/Piwigo/Piwigo](https://github.com/Piwigo/Piwigo)
  * Libre Photos:
    * Demo: [https://demo2.librephotos.com/user/demo](https://demo2.librephotos.com/user/demo)
    * Github Repo: [https://github.com/LibrePhotos/librephotos](https://github.com/LibrePhotos/librephotos)

### 11 May 2021

* Shafali was updating Uttarkhand pastoral map designing
* KiFi update. Videos from 4 girls [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cqlipRiVXGM-2IqFt9iJnahkTGEG31tP](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cqlipRiVXGM-2IqFt9iJnahkTGEG31tP). Rest of them will submit soon. Played videos in the today's regular meeting and then team giving feedback.
* Shalini and Dinesh talked about handmade site. [https://web.archive.org/web/20201030221834/http://thehandmade.in/](https://web.archive.org/web/20201030221834/http://thehandmade.in/)
* Yesterday Dinesh suggested to find photo gallery app to Athithya for handmade.
* Streaming of COW film at SIF21 went well said Dinesh.
* Sanketh and Dinesh discussed about Pi when to send Mirzapur.
* Dinesh will schedule a meeting with DA and another meeting with pastoral group.

### 10 May 2021

* Started with General Discussion
* On Uttarkhand pastoral Yartharth and Shafali are started working on map. But in the middle they're facing problem with data. So rishi was helping with that. Leter Dinesh said Mapbox studio looks good for pastoral map.
* Dinesh started in ASPi for community COVID coordination needs. started this doc [https://hackmd.io/YQ-h9d5AS0a3d-7AwmthLQ](https://hackmd.io/YQ-h9d5AS0a3d-7AwmthLQ). discussed and asked feedback with team.
* Bhanu and shafali discussed on covid local help group [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UyCp7hlp6r\_remCRhAfEUF9Kyg5pzsC4LzRkM\_eKKH0/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UyCp7hlp6r_remCRhAfEUF9Kyg5pzsC4LzRkM_eKKH0/edit?usp=sharing)
* Dinesh shared C2C2beku \(C2C2x model\) [https://hackmd.io/ESe68kN\_SHKMyEgykF9eVw?view](https://hackmd.io/ESe68kN_SHKMyEgykF9eVw?view) this is about similar to Ragi gudda are converting the community hall work for more read the document.
* Today streaming of COW video, Dinesh and shalini are going to attend SIF21.
* Bhanu asked help on data filling infro to rohtak haryana hospitals for address [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l8stI2hAfBAPtPRgMXqz1f4weB1vO8GKsMt-abPSCl8/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l8stI2hAfBAPtPRgMXqz1f4weB1vO8GKsMt-abPSCl8/edit?usp=sharing) . Athithya going to work on.
* Madhu and Rishi updating on Kifi about classes and film videos.

### 07 May 2021

* Started with General Discussion
* Shalini and Yatarth have discussed power issue at office, shalini  asked yatarth to check with Manoj
* Athithya have updated My Map Updates to export the CSV locally and Bhanu asked Athithya to try Mapbox studio
* Dinesh and Bhanu have explained Center for Pastoralist need and Dinesh asked someone to try with Mapbox studio and illustration tool
* Yatarth wants to try Map illustration and Shafali took  mapbox studio 
* Dinesh  and Bhanu have discussed Papad updates

### 06 May 2021

* Started with general discussion
* Shalini have updated Mesh network setup in Durgadahalli to Naveen
* Dinesh, Mani and Yatarth  have discussed w4p Report
* Bhanu have shared his thought on Covid spread sheet updates

### 05 May 2021

* Started with general discussion
* Shalini have updated Jayashree status
* Dinesh have updated Arkh from Campodia and we saw Arkh Introducing Offline Knowledge Hotspot videos
* Dinesh said 4clk today we have Central Pastoralists meeting with Gopi. Bhanu also wants to join.
* Dinesh asked Athithya to export the CSV from My map and try to implement your ideas to create CSV file and tommorow will check
* Dinesh, Shalini and Bhanu have discussed Papad NGINX issue

### 04 May 2021

* Dinesh have updated DA meeting. DA asked to send 2more ASPI
* Dinesh and Shalini have discussed ASPI status
* Bhanu have suggested Excel sheet will be good to go for Resource sharing
* Dinesh have updated we are going to work with Jayashree in Thimnayanahalli
* Dinesh and Bhanu have discussed how to go forward covid resource sharing, volunteers, update sheet. Dinesh have shared [http://www.sharetxt.live/bhanuj](http://www.sharetxt.live/bhanuj) to team
* Bhanu have updated Papad application. There is https issue error Arun can help on it. Arun said we have to upgrade the server
* Arun, Dinesh, Bhanu and Shalin have discussed server issue

### 03 May 2021

* Started with general discussion 
* Arun have updated Roshi works to team
* Yatarth have presented W4P report to team and he is working on w4p report
* Dinesh have updated Padmini volunteer work padmini: do you have people on your team who I can get as volunteers? reliable, need to check in four times a day approx 15-20 mins a day.
* Yatarth wants to learn d3.js. Dinesh will share the details to yatarth.
* Shafali have shared [https://rawgraphs.io/](https://rawgraphs.io/) and [https://app.rawgraphs.io/](https://app.rawgraphs.io/)
* Dinesh shared [https://www.d3-graph-gallery.com/line](https://www.d3-graph-gallery.com/line)

  cowdenet@pantoto.net  slot3354

