# January

## Slots minutes of meetings - January 2022



### 31 January 2022

* Micah have updated Mapping blog and he needs Gopi and Bhanu communication. Bhanu said he will share with later.
* Bhanu will push the latest changes to the server and he will update to team.
* Athithya have updated papad Image preview upadates and asking help from Bhanu.
* Dinesh and Shalini have updated work bench and Anupama updates.
* Dinesh and Arun have discussed broken links.
* Bhanu have updated https://togethernet.org/ application to team
* Team have discussed papad annotation and plan to test on channapatna. Before we will, test with farm people.
* Shared link:
  * Mapping blog [https://hackmd.io/@miximon/H17jqX6eK/edit](https://hackmd.io/@miximon/H17jqX6eK/edit)
  * Apc report [https://docs.google.com/document/d/10kA\_RcMRHm5HxyksIRr7wxYD\_cWECUuiHAmvhhOyg5g/edit?usp=sharing    \
    ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10kA\_RcMRHm5HxyksIRr7wxYD\_cWECUuiHAmvhhOyg5g/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [https://open.janastu.org/projects/pastoral](https://open.janastu.org/projects/pastoral)
  * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VeZYJFpxFjyWoMPZSX4C5We4OpspoXr3DrahGjpp8os/edit - Mapping docs repo
  * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UUI-miF\_IbGX6\_KkgiQvw67pWo48DHlg/edit#heading=h.15yw3x1jrh37 - mapping routes

### 27 January 2022

* Dinesh asked everyone to login janastu wiki page and edit content https://wiki.janastu.org/wiki/Main\_Page
* Dinesh told Arun to look and change from old pattern to new for Alipi.
* Micah updated on DA Meeting, In Phase1 the janastu will support hardware and a workshop.
* Nextcloud issues is fixed. files.janastu.org is now working, with file upload limit upto 10GB. Bhanu told.
* Dyuman shareding he was insttaling network monitoring script on the Ravemill Pi speed to the internet.
* Today evening there is a Papad discussion, Micah asked Mani and others to join.

### 24 January 2022

* Dinesh and Micah have discussed DA report.
* Dinesh said we have to do seperately meeting to discuss DA meeting. Dinesh have updated what are all the things in Report.
* Athithya have updated loading progress bar updates to team and also she discussed image preview issue with bhanu.
* Bhanu have updated graph related work for the network monitoring.
* Micah, shalini and Bhanu are planning to go Iruway farm tommorow.
* Dinesh said tommorow we will discuss APC report in Iruway

### 20 January 2022

* Started with general discussion,
* Team have recap what are the event happened at Anthillhack and filled the calendar
  * [https://cryptpad.fr/sheet/#/2/sheet/edit/o7-ZIaXxy0GOkrGh94yGphOr/    ](https://cryptpad.fr/sheet/#/2/sheet/edit/o7-ZIaXxy0GOkrGh94yGphOr/)
* Dyuman have updated thinkcentre network monitoring
* Shared links:
  * [https://prodi.gy/](https://prodi.gy)
  * [https://github.com/midas-research/audino](https://github.com/midas-research/audino)
